README.md, before:

# SeqDiag

[![CI](https://github.com/jyothsnabavisetti/gitjenkinsintegration/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jyothsnabavisetti/gitjenkinsintegration/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Simple Spring Boot app that accepts a ZIP of a Java project and generates a sequence diagram (PlantUML + PNG).

## Run

mvn spring-boot:run

## API

POST /api/upload (multipart/form-data file=project.zip)
Returns JSON `{ plantuml: string, pngBase64: string }`

## Frontend UI

A minimal React + Vite frontend is included under `frontend/`.

Run it locally:

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The dev server proxies `/api` to the backend at `http://localhost:8080`.

Build and run as a single bundled app:

```bash
# build backend + frontend and package into a single jar (requires Node available on PATH)
mvn -DskipTests package

# run the fat jar
java -jar target/seqdiag-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

The Spring Boot app serves the frontend UI from `/` (static files copied into the JAR during the build).

If you do NOT have Node installed locally, you can ask Maven to download and install Node during the build by adding `-Dinstall.node=true`. The build will try several recent Node LTS/patch versions automatically and use the first that downloads successfully:

```bash
mvn -DskipTests -Dinstall.node=true package
```

If the automatic download cannot find a valid Node binary in your network environment, either install Node locally and run `mvn -DskipTests package`, or build the frontend separately (`cd frontend && npm run build`).

Alternatively, build the frontend alone:

```bash
cd frontend
npm run build
```

Serve the `dist/` folder with any static server or integrate it into the backend's static resources.

## Notes

This is an MVP. It performs a best-effort static analysis using JavaParser and may not resolve dynamic dispatch or reflection calls.

Commit message:

docs: mention CI tests and Docker publish to GHCR on tags

README.md, after:

# SeqDiag

[![CI](https://github.com/jyothsnabavisetti/gitjenkinsintegration/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jyothsnabavisetti/gitjenkinsintegration/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Simple Spring Boot app that accepts a ZIP of a Java project and generates a sequence diagram (PlantUML + PNG).

## Run

mvn spring-boot:run

## API

POST /api/upload (multipart/form-data file=project.zip)
Returns JSON `{ plantuml: string, pngBase64: string }`

## Frontend UI

A minimal React + Vite frontend is included under `frontend/`.

Run it locally:

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
npm run dev
```

The dev server proxies `/api` to the backend at `http://localhost:8080`.

Build and run as a single bundled app:

```bash
# build backend + frontend and package into a single jar (requires Node available on PATH)
mvn -DskipTests package

# run the fat jar
java -jar target/seqdiag-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

The Spring Boot app serves the frontend UI from `/` (static files copied into the JAR during the build).

CI runs unit + integration tests on every push/PR. Pushing a git tag matching `v*` triggers the workflow to build and publish a Docker image to GitHub Container Registry (`ghcr.io/<owner>/seqdiag`).

If you do NOT have Node installed locally, you can ask Maven to download and install Node during the build by adding `-Dinstall.node=true`. The build will try several recent Node LTS/patch versions automatically and use the first that downloads successfully:

```bash
mvn -DskipTests -Dinstall.node=true package
```

If the automatic download cannot find a valid Node binary in your network environment, either install Node locally and run `mvn -DskipTests package`, or build the frontend separately (`cd frontend && npm run build`).

Alternatively, build the frontend alone:

```bash
cd frontend
npm run build
```

Serve the `dist/` folder with any static server or integrate it into the backend's static resources.

## Notes

This is an MVP. It performs a best-effort static analysis using JavaParser and may not resolve dynamic dispatch or reflection calls.
